Runtime is now supported based on major version (#1660)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-image-architecture.md

Astro Runtime versions are released regularly and use [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). Astronomer ships major, minor, and patch releases of Astro Runtime in the format of `major.minor.patch`.

- **Major** versions are released for significant feature additions. This includes new major or minor versions of Apache Airflow, as well as API or DAG specification changes that are not backwards-compatible.

> - **Minor** versions are released for functional changes. This includes API or DAG specification changes that are backwards-compatible, as well as new minor versions of `astronomer-providers` and `openlineage-airflow`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Minor** versions are released for functional changes. This includes API or DAG specification changes that are backwards-compatible, which may include new minor versions of `astronomer-providers` and `openlineage-airflow`.
```
The current framing makes it sound as though the packages could introduce breaking changes

> - **Minor** versions are released for functional changes. This includes API or DAG specification changes that are backwards-compatible, which may include new minor versions of `astronomer-providers` and `openlineage-airflow`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Minor** versions are released for functional changes. This includes API or DAG specification changes that are backwards-compatible, which might include new minor versions of `astronomer-providers` and `openlineage-airflow`.
```

> - **Minor** versions are released for functional changes. This includes API or DAG specification changes that are backwards-compatible, which might include new minor versions of `astronomer-providers` and `openlineage-airflow`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Minor** versions are released for functional changes. This includes API or DAG specification changes that are backward compatible, which might include new minor versions of `astronomer-providers` and `openlineage-airflow`.
```

| Astro Runtime | Apache Airflow version |
| ------------- | ---------------------- |
| 4             | 2.2.4-2.2.5            |
| 5             | 2.3.0-2.3.4            |

> | 6             | 2.4.0-2.4.1            |

Author: ```suggestion
| 6             | 2.4.0-2.4.3            |
```

> | 6             | 2.4.0-2.4.1            |
> | 7             | 2.5.0            |

Author: ```suggestion
| 6             | 2.4.0-2.4.1            |
| 7             | 2.5.0                  |
```

> | 4             | 2.2.4-2.2.5            |
> | 5             | 2.3.0-2.3.4            |
> | 6             | 2.4.0-2.4.3            |
> | 7             | 2.5.0                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| 4.1.x         | 2.2.4                  |
| 4.2.x         | 2.2.4-2.2.5            |
| 5.0.x         | 2.3.0-2.3.4            |
| 6.0.x         | 2.4.0-2.4.1            |
| 7.0.x         | 2.5.0            |
```

Reviewer: I would tend to go the other way here and map 1:1 between Runtime major and Airflow minor, removing Airflow patch references

Author: @astro-rft, I like that. Done.

> | 4             | 2.2.4-2.2.5            |
> | 5             | 2.3.0-2.3.4            |
> | 6             | 2.4.0-2.4.3            |
> | 7             | 2.5.0                  |

Author: ```suggestion
| 4             | 2.2                    |
| 5             | 2.3                    |
| 6             | 2.4                    |
| 7             | 2.5                    |
```

> :::info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

| 5             | 2.3.0-2.3.4            |
| 6             | 2.4.0-2.4.1            |
| 7             | 2.5.0            |

:::info

> Each Runtime version in a given minor series supports only a single version of Apache Airflow. For specific version compatibility information, see [Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).

Author: I didn't think it added much, feel free to reword it if you think we should keep something here though.

> For specific version compatibility information, see [Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each Runtime version in a given minor series supports only a single version of Apache Airflow. For specific version compatibility information, see [Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).
```

Reviewer: I think we're exposing too much complexity here. The key message IMO is a Runtime major = Airflow major.minor pair.

Author: This isn't true (and hasn't been for a while actually). That's why I said it needs rewording if we want to keep something here, but I vote we get rid of it.

Reviewer: Fair @jedcunningham. Agreed on removing.

> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

| Astro Runtime | Apache Airflow version |
| ------------- | ---------------------- |
| 4             | 2.2                    |
| 5             | 2.3                    |
| 6             | 2.4                    |
| 7             | 2.5                    |

> For specific version compatibility information, see [Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For version compatibility information, see the [Runtime release notes](runtime-release-notes.md).
```

The following table lists the operating systems and architectures supported by each Astro Runtime version. If you're using a Mac computer with an M1 chip, Astronomer recommends using Astro Runtime 6.0.4 or later.

| Astro Runtime | Operating System (OS)                 | Architecture    |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------- | -------------   |
| 4             | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64           |

> | 5             | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64           |
> | 6        | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64 and ARM64 |

Author: ```suggestion
| 5             | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64           |
| 6             | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64 and ARM64 |
```

The following table lists the operating systems and architectures supported by each Astro Runtime version. If you're using a Mac computer with an M1 chip, Astronomer recommends using Astro Runtime 6.0.4 or later.

| Astro Runtime | Operating System (OS)                 | Architecture    |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------- | -------------   |
| 4             | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64           |
| 5             | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64           |

> | 6.0.0 - 6.0.3 | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is extra information that is not required

> | 6.0.4+        | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64 and ARM64 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 6        | Debian 11.3 (bullseye)                | AMD64 and ARM64 |
```
The latest patch is implied as supported, so Runtime 6 supports ARM64.

Author: Good call 👍
